README.md, before:

# Cropper.js

[![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/fengyuanchen/cropperjs-next.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/fengyuanchen/cropperjs-next) [![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/cropperjs.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cropperjs) [![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/cropperjs/next.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cropperjs)

> JavaScript image cropper.

- [Website](https://fengyuanchen.github.io/cropperjs)

## Versioning

Maintained under the [Semantic Versioning guidelines](https://semver.org/).

## Commit Message Guidelines

Git commits message follows the [Conventional Commits guidelines](https://conventionalcommits.org).

## License

[MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) © [Chen Fengyuan](https://chenfengyuan.com/)

## Related projects

- [angular-cropperjs](https://github.com/matheusdavidson/angular-cropperjs) by @matheusdavidson
- [ember-cropperjs](https://github.com/danielthall/ember-cropperjs) by @danielthall
- [react-cropper](https://github.com/react-cropper/react-cropper) by @roadmanfong
- [vue-cropperjs](https://github.com/Agontuk/vue-cropperjs) by @Agontuk

Commit message:

docs: fix site link and add branch hint

README.md, after:

# Cropper.js

[![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/fengyuanchen/cropperjs-next.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/fengyuanchen/cropperjs-next) [![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/cropperjs.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cropperjs) [![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/cropperjs/next.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cropperjs)

> JavaScript image cropper. This is the branch for v2.*, for v1.x, check out the [`main`](https://github.com/fengyuanchen/cropperjs/tree/main) branch.

- [Website](https://fengyuanchen.github.io/cropperjs/v2/)

## Versioning

Maintained under the [Semantic Versioning guidelines](https://semver.org/).

## Commit Message Guidelines

Git commits message follows the [Conventional Commits guidelines](https://conventionalcommits.org).

## License

[MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) © [Chen Fengyuan](https://chenfengyuan.com/)

## Related projects

- [angular-cropperjs](https://github.com/matheusdavidson/angular-cropperjs) by @matheusdavidson
- [ember-cropperjs](https://github.com/danielthall/ember-cropperjs) by @danielthall
- [react-cropper](https://github.com/react-cropper/react-cropper) by @roadmanfong
- [vue-cropperjs](https://github.com/Agontuk/vue-cropperjs) by @Agontuk
